>> Speaker 1: By the end of tomorrow,
we'll have three workshops
on Frontend Masters.
And I kind of want to give my own personal
guideline on how to navigate through them.
So the first one is the one
you're in right now.
Data Visualization for React Developers.
And like I said, the goal for this is kind
of like a gentle introduction into D3 and
data visualization from
the perspective of a React developer.
And then once you feel comfortable with
that, and if you want to dig more into D3,
I have an intro to D3 course that I did
last year that covers what I mentioned.
The core of D3, the selection,
data binding, and enter, update, exit.
So you can kind of know for
yourself how that part of D3 works.
And finally tomorrow,
I'm doing a workshop called
Building Custom Data Visualizations.
That builds on top of
the Intro to D3 knowledge.
And that one, I'm really excited for
because it's kind of, well,
like it says,
it's custom data visualizations.
So that one I'm concentrating on
not only how to code custom data
visualizations that are a little bit
outside of the box of what D3 ships with.
Andeverything that you see in the really
beautiful D3 example gallery.
But not only just the code,
but the data exploration part.
So taking it from the data exploration
to the design and design principles,
and then translating that into code.
So the whole process of
building a data visualization.
So those are my three workshops, and
that's kind of the order
that I would recommend.